Move some commas around (#71)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/11-next.md

## Other resources

At some point, you are likely to run into new concepts, techniques,
or even just a feeling of "I feel like this could be done better".
I'd like to point you in the right direction so you can find additional information
and learn new Haskell things when you need to or want to.

I've compiled a list of resources for learning Haskell called
[Haskell study plan](https://github.com/soupi/haskell-study-plan),
which includes links to very useful articles, community hubs, and news aggregators,
project suggestions, and even cool open-source Haskell projects.
You will also find alternative explanations for things we've covered
and even links to other Haskell tutorials, guides, and books in case you need
a different view on things.

Also, the [GHC User Guide](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/users_guide/index.html)
is a fantastic resource with loads of articles and information about the language and GHC tooling around it.
It is often the best place to learn about the Haskell language.

However, don't feel pressured to learn everything Haskell

> offers right away. Mastering Haskell is a journey that can take a lot of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has to offer right away. Mastering Haskell is a journey that can take a lot of time.
```
